I've now saved my values my value blocking out as a JPEG.
So it's all flattened now and I've reopened it now what we're going to do is we are going to create
the sky.
So let's first off rename the first layer and let's call it values.
Let's add a new layer we'll call this one sky
and we're going to fill our sky layer in with a balloon.
So let's grab our paint can and then we need to select our layer first and then let's come over here
and I have a blue selected.
Now if you want the exact color that I'm using you can go ahead and copy this number right here and
fill it into your color picker and it will bring up the same exact blue.
So any time I'm picking colors just go ahead and posit the video and type that number in and you'll
get the same color.
Now I have another blue.
It's a little bit lighter and a little bit more green.
I'm going to select about one there is its color right there its color number.
And now we are going to grab our brush
and then let's
let's make the size 1500.
It's.
OK.
Actually let's bring it down a bit.
Let's bring it to 800.
That's better.
Now we want to bring down the opacity on our layers so that we can see your drawing underneath it.
So this is going to be kind of like where the sun is coming from from behind the mountains kind of like
a sunrise.
So I think it's going to be right almost centered with the castle but a little bit off.
So go ahead and click once.
Now we have a highlight to our sky.
This click one more time just out a little bit more highlight in the sky
bring our capacity back up.
And there is our sky